c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.exe.config
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.exe
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.pdb
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\03 - AutomataDataAccessLayer.dll
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\04 - AutomataEntitiesLayer.dll
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\03 - AutomataDataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\04 - AutomataEntitiesLayer.pdb
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.exe
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.pdb
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Papeitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.exe.config
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.exe
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Tester.pdb
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\02 - AutomataLogicLayer.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\03 - AutomataDataAccessLayer.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\04 - AutomataEntitiesLayer.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\02 - AutomataLogicLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\03 - AutomataDataAccessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\04 - AutomataEntitiesLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.exe
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\obj\Debug\Tester.pdb
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\nunit.core.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\nunit.core.interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\nunit.util.dll
C:\Users\Papeitor\Documents\Automata\Tester\bin\Debug\NUnit.VisualStudio.TestAdapter.dll
